feat(`terraform_providers_lock`): Fix logical issue in hook modes: Add `check-lockfile-is-cross-platform` and `regenerate-lockfile-if-some-platform-missed` modes. Last one is same as `only-check-is-current-lockfile-cross-platform`, which now is deprecated. Check README for more details (#950)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

>   - --hook-config=--mode=always-regenerate-lockfile
> ```
>
> Why? When v2.x will be introduced - the default mode will be changed, probably, to `check-lockfile-is-cross-platform`.
>
> You can check available modes for hook below.
> </details>

1. The hook can work in a few different modes:

    1. <details><summary><code>--mode=check-lockfile-is-cross-platform</code> (standalone)</summary>
        Checks that lockfile has the same amount of platform (`h1:`) checksums as specified in hook configuration. It **does not** check are these checksums are valid or that they are belongs to needed platforms.

        ```yaml
        - id: terraform_providers_lock
          args:
          - --hook-config=--mode=check-lockfile-is-cross-platform
        ```

    </details>

    2. <details><summary><code>--mode=regenerate-lockfile-if-some-platform-missed</code> (standalone)</summary>

>         Checks that lockfile has all required SHAs for all providers already added to lockfile, and if any missed - try to add them (but could fail if `terraform init` wasn't run previously)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Checks that lockfile has checksums (`h1:`) for all requested platforms for all providers tracked by the lockfile, and if any are missed - tries to add them (but could fail if `terraform init` wasn't run previously).
```

        - id: terraform_providers_lock
          args:
          - --hook-config=--mode=regenerate-lockfile-if-some-platform-missed
        ```

    </details>

>     4. <details><summary><code>always-regenerate-lockfile</code> - only with terraform_validate hook.</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. <details><summary><code>always-regenerate-lockfile</code> - meant to be used only along with <code>terraform_validate</code> hook</summary>
```
